welcome to keep on rolling your SKF
barring maintenance show
I'm Michael Richard and this is Andre
and we are your SKF maintenance men in
this edition of keep on rolling we'll
take a closer look at the automatic
lubricator system 24
now we all know how important
lubrication is and the system 24
provides automatic lubrication two
points that are normally done with a
grease gun this takes the guesswork out
of manual lubrication points and you can
be sure that the correct quantity of
grease is supplied continuously that's
because the system 24s time slot can be
set for a range of between 1 and 12
months without tools
the system 24 is ideal for grease points
that are difficult to reach with a
grease gun or where there are a large
number of greasing points where manual
greasing would be less effective
the system 24 is available in two sizes
the 125 mil la GD 1 2 5 and the 60 mil
la GD 64 more confined installations the
transparent container means you can
visually check the dispensing rate the
end cap is easy to remove without tools
and covers the lubrication point while
the easy-grip top cover makes for quick
fitting
the system 24 is just one of a wide
range of quality SKF lubricators we've
got a solution for every application
thanks for watching we'll be bringing
you regular hints and tips on bearing
maintenance so until next time keep on
rolling
you